Documentation of new features (Feb - Jun 2022) (#135)
railwayapp/docs: src/pages/develop/services.md

## Starters

> Railway offers 40+ templates that are maintained by the community. A starter will clone a GitHub repo to your connected account and deploy the service(s) to your project. You can deploy a template within the canvas provided if there are no variables to configure, else you must use the new project flow. This is especially useful if you wanted to deploy common pieces of infrastructure like a DataDog Agent.

Reviewer: 60+*

Reviewer: Also, A template* will clone

Reviewer: within the canvas provided ~if~ there are no variables*

## Deleting a Service

You can delete your service by opening the project's settings and navigating to the danger page.

## Service Icons

> Within the Command + K context menu, you can change the default service icon to something else. The list of available icons are pulled from our [devicons](https://devicons.railway.app/) service.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Within the Command + K menu, you can change the default service icon to something else. If no URL to an icon is provided, we will use an image from our [devicons](https://devicons.railway.app/) service.
```

Reviewer: Do we want to say command palette? Because for Windows/Linux users, it's ctrl + k.
